adding `credentialSchema` JS (#1408)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/tbdex/issuer/kcc/kcc-issuer.mdx

/>

:::info

> - The `id` within the `credentialSchema` field needs to correspond to a real JSON schema that is hosted somewhere. This is essential for the validation process, ensuring the credential conforms to the specified schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `id` referenced in the `credentialSchema` field must correspond to a valid JSON schema that is hosted on an accessible server.
```
